Oh, things like, you know, not particularly Welsh things, but the Bloody Sunday in 1972
in Londonderry. I remember watching the coverage of that and being fairly horrified by it.
The Falklands War, of course, that was very much in my mind. I'll never forget the coverage
of that because my son was born just at the start of it. So, you know, it was on until
TV all the time. Oh, the other thing was that sinking of the ferry, the Herald of Free Enterprise.
That's another thing I can remember seeing on TV. And the big hurricane in 1987, where
Michael Fish said the weather was going to be alright. And was it five out of the seven
in Kent were destroyed. Oh, I can remember Margaret Thatcher's resignation as well. The
Hillsborough disaster, the Lockerbie disaster, of course. And the Piper Alpha disaster. They're
all disasters that stick in my mind.